# AWS-infrastructure-creation-with-terraform-IAC-

AWS Infrastructure Creation with Terraform

This repository contains the Terraform code and configuration files for creating and managing AWS infrastructure. Using Terraform, you can define your infrastructure as code, which allows for easy provisioning, updating, and versioning of your AWS resources.

Overview

Terraform is an open-source infrastructure as code tool that allows you to define and provision infrastructure in a safe and predictable manner. This project focuses on creating and managing AWS resources and infrastructure using Terraform modules and configurations.

Project Structure

The project's directory structure is organized as follows:

/
├── modules/
│   ├── module1/
│   ├── module2/
│   ├── ...
├── main.tf
├── variables.tf
├── provider.tf
├── terraform.tfstates
└── README.md

    modules/: This directory contains reusable Terraform modules for various AWS resources.

    main.tf: The main Terraform configuration file that defines the infrastructure.

    variables.tf: This file contains variable declarations used within the Terraform configuration.

    provider.tf: Defines the provider resources that provides the resources to create the resources.

    terraform.tfstates: Customize your configuration by setting variable values in this file.

Configuration

To configure this project for your specific AWS infrastructure needs, follow these steps:

    Clone the repository to your local machine.

    Customize the Terraform configuration files (main.tf, variables.tf, and outputs.tf) to define the AWS resources you require.

    Set the required variables in the terraform.tfstates file.

    Initialize the project by running:

    shell

terraform init

Plan and apply your infrastructure:

shell

    terraform plan
    terraform apply

Usage

You can manage your AWS infrastructure using Terraform commands like terraform plan, terraform apply, and terraform destroy. Be cautious when applying changes, and always review the execution plan generated by terraform plan before applying the changes.
